Document the need for a `Gemfile` in deployment step of step-by-step walkthrough (#9805)
jekyll/jekyll: docs/_docs/step-by-step/10-deployment.md

This ensures the version of Jekyll and other gems remains consistent across
different environments.

> If you completed step 1 in this tutoril, you already created a Gemfile. If not, create a `Gemfile` in the root. 

Reviewer: Fixed a typo, corrected a very pedantic grammar issue (numbers below ten should be written as words) and clarified the text for the second step. 
```suggestion
If you completed step one in this tutorial, you have already created a Gemfile. If you skipped step one, create a `Gemfile` in the root. 
```

Author: Thanks for catching that!

bundle add jekyll
```

> Your Gemfile should look something like:

Reviewer: What do you think about some code quotes here?
```suggestion
Your `Gemfile` should look something like:
```

Author: @mattr- Good idea!
